# RecursiveArt
Developed a recursive method to subdivide rectangles into smaller and smaller rectangles. 

//user input
The user is allowed to choose the following options for the generated picture.
Level of subdivisions:
This value can theoretically be any value between 1 and infinity.
The level of subdivision indicates how many times to apply the recursive algorithm.
Fraction:
This value is used to determine how to randomly divide a rectangle.
Possible values are 1/3, 1/4, and 1/5.
Example:
If I choose 1/3, then each rectangle can be randomly divided based on the 1/3 or 2/3 dividing line
If I choose 1/4, then each rectangle can be randomly divided based on the 1/4, 2/4, or 3/4 dividing line.
If I choose 1/5, then each rectangle can be randomly divided based on the 1/5, 2/5, 3/5, or 4/5 dividing line.

//The Recursive Method
Design a recursive method which will take a single (large) JavaFX Rectangle object and will return a list of Rectangle objects.
The size of the initial Rectangle will always be 1200w x 700h.
The list that gets returned is each Rectangle object that gets generated by subsequent recursive calls of the method.
The general algorithm is thus:
Take a Rectangle and divide the rectangle into two smaller Rectangles based on the user chosen fraction value.
The Rectangle should always divide based on the greater side with the dividing line running parallel to the smaller side.
The dividing line shall be randomly chosen for each Rectangle.
Take the two new Rectangles and continue to divide them with further levels recursion.
The final result should be that the method returns a list of Rectangle objects created from all the subdivisions.

//Choosing Colors:
Each Rectangle's color will be computed based on its area.
Took the area and mod by 361 then used the Color.hsb() function to choose a color according to its hue.  The hue will be the result of the mod calculation. 
Each rectangle's outline is noticeably visible.

